The new Club Suite offers a fair amount of privacy, especially with the screen door closed, and includes direct aisle access. When fully reclined, the seat converts into a fairly spacious bed, although I found the surface on the side a bit hard and uncomfortable to sleep on. The catering on board was fairly good and tasty - the appetizers and the main course were generally well cooked, although the cabin crew were very slow with the meal service. Upon arrival at Heathrow, passengers had to wait over 90 minutes for checked baggage to arrive. Only negative was the food on the SFO/LHR leg. The advertised filet steak was more akin to stewing steak and was inedible. Sadly this is not the only occasion I have food on US/UK flights to be sub standard. Otherwise happy to recommend BA. We have just returned from Iceland and our experience was one of the worst we have ever had with BA. Again our flight was just cancelled due to operational reasons but what made matters worse on this occasion was the flight was quite early at 7:45am. We went to bed at around 11pm (night before), checked the flight and it showed as being on time with again no issues being reported so we went to sleep fairly rest assured the the flight would be fine. We woke up at 5:30am and then discovered our flight had been cancelled without any warning! We were then left with virtually no other return flight options for that day. It soon got worse as the earliest flight option then being offered by BA was 3 days later! We opted to choose Tuesday with BA as we were left with no other option! If we hadn't acted quickly the Tuesday availability was sure to sell out leaving us with a return option of Wednesday onwards having experienced the same problem with BA in Zurich back in December. We were lucky on that occasion as BA offered several flights back on the same day in Zurich but this wasn't the case with Iceland. Our hotel in Iceland was very limited and then left in a predicament as limited hotel availability then left us in a very short notice. Our car was fully booked and our hotel had to be returned to airport and our car was returned to the airport. This was not ideal as our journey into Oslo was 8 hours but it went via Oslo and a total of 8 hours. Assessing our options we came across another airline and after searching for any options we decided to get us back to the UK sooner with another airline. After a good half hour of searching we were in a good position.